BasicScore/README.md, before:

### Available Tags:

| Tag | Description |
|:--:|:--:|
|`{basicscore.name}`, `{basicscore.real_name}`|The name of the player|
|`{basicscore.display_name}`|Display name of the player|
|`{basicscore.online}`|The number of players online on the server|
|`{basicscore.max_online}`|Maximum number of players that the server supports|
|`{basicscore.item_name}`|The name of the item in players hand|
|`{basicscore.item_id}`|The id of the item in players hand|
|`{basicscore.item_meta}`|The meta of the item in players hand|
|`{basicscore.item_count}`|The count of the item in players hand|
|`{basicscore.x}`|Player's `x` coordinate|
|`{basicscore.y}`|Player's `y` coordinate|
|`{basicscore.z}`|Player's `z` coordinate|
|`{basicscore.load}`|Current load on the server|
|`{basicscore.tps}`|Current TPS of the server|
|`{basicscore.level_name}`, `{basicscore.world_name}`|The name of the world the player is on|
|`{basicscore.level_folder_name}`, `{basicscore.world_folder_name}`|The folder name of the world the player is on|
|`{basicscore.world_player_count}`|Number of players on the world|
|`{basicscore.ip}`|IP address of the player|
|`{basicscore.ping}`|Ping of the player|
|`{basicscore.time}`|Current time|
|`{basicscore.date}`|Current date|
|`{basicscore.memory_main_thread}`|Main thread memory|
|`{basicscore.memory_total}`|Total memory|
|`{basicscore.memory_virtual}`|Virtual memory|
|`{basicscore.memory_heap}`|Heap memory|
|`{basicscore.memory_global}`|Global memory|

Commit message:

Added tags player health and experience

BasicScore/README.md, after:

### Available Tags:

| Tag | Description |
|:--:|:--:|
|`{basicscore.name}`, `{basicscore.real_name}`|The name of the player|
|`{basicscore.display_name}`|Display name of the player|
|`{basicscore.online}`|The number of players online on the server|
|`{basicscore.max_online}`|Maximum number of players that the server supports|
|`{basicscore.item_name}`|The name of the item in players hand|
|`{basicscore.item_id}`|The id of the item in players hand|
|`{basicscore.item_meta}`|The meta of the item in players hand|
|`{basicscore.item_count}`|The count of the item in players hand|
|`{basicscore.x}`|Player's `x` coordinate|
|`{basicscore.y}`|Player's `y` coordinate|
|`{basicscore.z}`|Player's `z` coordinate|
|`{basicscore.load}`|Current load on the server|
|`{basicscore.tps}`|Current TPS of the server|
|`{basicscore.level_name}`, `{basicscore.world_name}`|The name of the world the player is on|
|`{basicscore.level_folder_name}`, `{basicscore.world_folder_name}`|The folder name of the world the player is on|
|`{basicscore.world_player_count}`|Number of players on the world|
|`{basicscore.ip}`|IP address of the player|
|`{basicscore.ping}`|Ping of the player|
|`{basicscore.health}`|Current health of the player|
|`{basicscore.max_health}`|Maximum amount of player health|
|`{basicscore.xp_level}`|Current experience level of the player|
|`{basicscore.xp_progress}`|Current experience progress of the player|
|`{basicscore.xp_remainder}`|The number of XP points the player has progressed into their current level|
|`{basicscore.xp_current_total}`|Current experience total player from their current level and progress through their current level|
|`{basicscore.time}`|Current time|
|`{basicscore.date}`|Current date|
|`{basicscore.memory_main_thread}`|Main thread memory|
|`{basicscore.memory_total}`|Total memory|
|`{basicscore.memory_virtual}`|Virtual memory|
|`{basicscore.memory_heap}`|Heap memory|
|`{basicscore.memory_global}`|Global memory|
